Vegeta SS4 beta 0.7 by Kratos				11/12/06

Vegeta has a lot of combo possibilities, it's up to you to find them.
This version is incomplete, so expect updates in the future.
This is the first char made by me. I started vegeta in July of 06.
I wanted to give back to the mugen community that has given to me for
so long. I hope this inspires people to get up one day and give
programming a try. The mugen community sure needs them.

*Specials*

Force Field - Down Back X --- A forcefield surrounds vegeta's body,
protecting him for a short instance. Requires 230 power.

Ki Laser - Down Back C --- Vegeta shoots a fast laser from his finger,
stunning the opponent for a short time. Requires 230 power.

Super Ki Ball - Down Back Z --- Vegeta thrust a powerful force of ki 
at the opponent, exploding on contact. Requires 230 power.



*Supers*

Big Bang Attack - Down DownForward Forward(x2) A+B - One of vegeta's
Signature attacks. Vegeta stands with one hand out and generates an 
incredibly powerful ball of ki, and blast it at the opponent. Requires
2000 power.

Final Flash - Down DownForward Forward(x2) X+Z --- One of vegeta's most
powerful attacks. Vegeta puts his hands together creating a very 
powerful force of ki and shoots it out in a beam. Obliterating the
opponent. Requires 3000 power.

*other*

ki blast - Y. No need to explain. Can be done until power has run out.
but be careful, when power reaches 0, vegeta gets tired and must regain
strength, leaving you open for attack. Can also be done when the
oppenent is above you. Vegeta will automatically start shooting up.

fly - A+Z. No need to explain what this is.

Throw - A+B. Incomplete, but works.

Super Jump - hold Down, Up. A high jump as well as a long jump. Good
to get out of messy situations.

Air Dash - Forward Forward or Back Back in the air. Lets you get
distance from the opponent and gets you out of sticky situations.



* There are many more moves, it's up to you to find them*



*Special Thanks*

Pextin - For giving me guidance in coding and being a cool bud.
chrono_Strife - For giving me advice and being a cool bud.
Roken - An inspiration to all coders & spriters. And being a good pal.
Goncalo - For releasing his uber vegeta ss4 sheet. =p
Neocide - for the force field fx and move tips.
MV - Betatester and made me some custom sprites. 
MSSJ - For practically all vegeta's fx.
DooM - for vegeta's big por and his aura. 
Zgteam forum - For giving me a place to release =p and for being a cool
forum over the years.

*extra thanks*

Elecbyte - well duh!
Atari - For vegeta's sounds which I ripped from BT.
Akira Toriyama - For being the father of DBZ. Kudos man.
Virtual Tek - for making fighter factory. Quite possibly the best mugen
development tool ever.

*If I forgot to mention you, sorry, e-mail me and I'll put you in!*